>>6451960 In reality, of course, things were a bit different; new servants, assassins trained by the Snake Cult, were let in via the postern gate. All the while, guards loyal to you were rotated out and replaced with those scant few who weren't under your sway; they were slaughtered to a man, framed as conspirators, and condemned by the Sultan, who was given poison to slowly kill him within the year. And so, with that weak-willed coward soon under the thumb of his wife, the political opposition was defanged and purged. You once more had a tight grasp over the affairs of the realm, especially when the public front of the Snake Cult was about to become the largest of all the cults that were worshipped within the Mustafarids. The naga plotted and schemed for you in the underground; your bombards were coming along well, indeed. Even the plagues, those demons you had bound to your will, were coming along well. To be used to poison wells and shorten sieges. Speaking of demons, you had been studying the Hellhorn and found that it could summon demons bound to your will with but a blow, no rituals or sacrifices required. Small wonder that demon you killed for it wanted it; it could mean the great upset in the struggle between the demons and the crusaders. But unfortunately for them both, you had it now. Still, the day drew nigh, the day of the final disjunction of the Azamoranids and, with them, Sinaljubal. Which would make you the master of the great desert. Still, it was only a stepping stone, for after them you would have to deal with those pesky crusader states if you wished to push west. Still, in your mind, you assessed that there were but three states truly capable of opposing your puppet state. To the west, the Azamoranids might swallow their pride and plead for aid from the crusaders. In the green lands to the northwest lay the Wlandean Empire, the apparent bulwark of Arnemirialism. What lay behind that, you didn't know. To the east lay the Shahdom of Nizar, with whom you had negotiated in the past, to keep the eastern border peaceful while you had brought war to the south. The question of course, was what do conquer next? >I shall finish what I started and finally rid myself of the Azamoranids. >Bah, to go west is to invite coalition; no, I shall turn my gaze eastward. >I must have more than one weapon in my arsenal; the Mustafarids shall do the desert, but I need other vassals too.
