Until now, your gaze had been turned to the west and south. To your north lay the demon-infested mountain range, which could only be accessed from even further north. By conquering the south, you had secured a monopoly on the slave trade as well as the trade in hardwood and ivory. Tribute kings down south paid for their protection in slaves, gold, ivory and wood. All of which were of great value in fuelling the sultanate's expansion. But you knew better than to relentlessly push west. The Mustafarids had become infamous to their remaining neighbours. And you knew that the West would most certainly send some aid if it deemed you a grave threat. The Azamoranids are docile, mercantile, and peaceful. The Mustafarids are aggressive, militaristic, and expansionist. In the south there was nought to conquer but endless jungles, filled with creatures and diseases capable of eating your armies from the inside out. To the west, the apparentness of your might was clear enough that they might make common cause were you to strike. The north and south were geographically inaccessible; the west, politically so. Which, of course, left you with the east. There was a reason you had not bothered with it; to your immediate east lay the Shahdom of Nizar. Where the great Shahenshah reigned from his peacock throne. They dominated trade in the bay of the Blughus. In consort with their satraps. The great middlemen in the game of caravanserei, whenever the steppes became unruly or dangerous, even doubled their income. Direct conquest might take years and would be expensive, though you might work your 'magic' from the inside. Nothing was decided yet, but you did decide to map out your new field of operations. So, in dragon form, you flew at night, taking care to avoid detection. And memorising all the important towns and landmarks for future reference. The moonlight glistened on the rivers and lakes; the lights of towns and camps shone dimly far beneath your scaled majesty. This too would one day be brought under heel. In the centre lay the steppe, where nomadic tribesmen raided and fought. A khan or khagan would occasionally arise, conquer and unite the tribes, only to fall back into chaos once again. Horseman without compare, master horse archer. Fearsome warriors who struck fear into the hearts of their enemies. They would raid as far west as the Khuzalin mountains and as far east as the Sublime Celestial Empire of Jade. The Khuzalin Mountains were your reference for what separated the centre of the continent from the west. Hugging these mountains on the east side were two states. The kingdom of Sarmarska and the Tsardom of Druzahna, both of these formed the main settled peoples east of the Khuzalin. There was a third one there as well, the Khazad-Gathol, the realm of the kings under the mountains.
