Nine gives you a strange look, as if they’re waiting for you to piece something together. When it’s clear your memory is failing you, Nine clears their throat. ”That is her last name. Her full legal name is Makiko Hidaka.” Drat. Granted, from what little you recall of the last time you heard her first name, she REALLY doesn’t like people knowing it. Given how she is, you doubt it’s really that important, and it’s merely a symptom of her general cageyness. “Do you know anything about a certain Man? ” Now, at the mention of him, the radio begins to crackle to life. The previous theories didn’t get anything resembling a reaction out of the anomaly, so this must be going somewhere. The radio is currently only playing static, but maybe if you keep talking, it’ll condense into something actually intelligible? There’s a glimmer of recognition behind the tinted lenses of Nine’s mask. ”Vaguely. I am aware that anti-memetic entities exist, and I am struggling to fully process what you said to me just now.” ”I feel oddly compelled to ask about something that may or may not be an egg? This line of questioning is-” Nine interrupts themselves before they can say whatever they were going to say. They gesture at you to keep speaking. “Well, considering how you reacted, I’m going to guess he might be an anomaly that forgot he’s an anomaly?” There’s something mildly amusing about the idea. An antimemetic anomaly somehow forgetting it was even an anomaly. You always had a sneaking suspicion he was one, especially with those weird anomalous eggs he seemingly creates out of nowhere. Nine…actually doesn’t balk at this theory. ”The line between a human affected by an anomaly, and an anomaly itself, is razor thin. It is my own personal belief that most if not anomalies, in some ways, can be ‘simplified’ into humans given enough time.” ”Perhaps not all of them. I could not imagine turning Little Miss Sunshine back into a human in any conceivable way, but I understand the thought process.” “8 21 13 1 14 9 20 25” A voice finally speaks over the radio. It sounds like one of those cheap, shitty text to speech programs youtubers used to use way back when. “6 1 18 3 5” You can’t understand what it’s trying to say. You doubt it’s picking the numbers at random but that’s all you got to work with. ”Oh ho! Now you finally decided you want to speak!” Nine’s voice is positively oozing with cat-like amusement. ”Do you have anything to say about this mysterious Man Vincent seems to be talking about?” “9 19 19 21 5. 19 8 15 21 12 4 14 20. 5 24 9 19 20” ”Interesting. None of those numbers have gone above 25. Vincent, keep spouting whatever inscrutable theories you have bouncing around inside of your skull. I want to see if I can translate it.”
