>>6446706 Name: Sunshine Confederacy Colour: Green Desired Homeworld: Lots of farmland. Species: Hiirlai. Mousefolk, short. Tech Root: Engineering. Boon: Getting it on. Reproduces rapidly. Malus: Squeakeasy. Secrets don't stay secret for long. Boon 2: Adaptable. Can learn to survive pretty much anywhere. Bio: The Hiirlai are a hardy folk, their civilisations rose upon the backs of farmers who had toiled for generations to make their lands flourish. But from the cities rose the Tyrant Knights, armed and armoured in the latest metal, through all the ages of metal they were invincible, no rural folk could hope to scratch a Tyrant Knight. Thus was the Ages of Tyranny, where rural Hiirlai were forced to send sons to the city armies to fight their wars to conquer the farmland of other cities. The constant displacement of people lead to the Hiirlai proliferating across the globe, with cities arising to exploit them. But then came the musket, and ushered in the Ages of Ruin. Invincible Tyrant Knights felled by peasant bullets, immovable walls of earth torn asunder by sustained volleys of cannonfire, the tyrants scrambled to maintain control, yet cities lay in ruin, their industries distributed among the towns and villages. But the tyrants had one last trick up their sleeve, genocide. Thus emerged the Death Tyrants, their empires would employ gas, plague, fire and radiation with sadistic glee, captured populations were categorised into groups and systematically exterminated until the remaining groups were too scared to resist. The late Ages of Ruin saw whole swathes of territory rendered into unlivable wastelands. The rural Hiirlai didn't like forming large nations, but the Death Tyrants left them no other choice, though their manner of unification was a shock. Somehow, nearly all the thousands of tiny rural republics across the planet managed to unify into a singular confederacy, with a singular constitution, the Sunshine Confederacy. Everywhere a tyrant army marched, they would be met by millions of confederate soldiers, from all across the world. The advanced tyrant technology would reap a bloody harvest upon the confederate forces, but not even the dropping of atomic bombs would be enough to halt the advance of the confederates. By the end of the Ages of Ruin, the Sunshine Confederacy stood victorious, though the world itself now lay in ruin. But the Hiirlai are a hardy folk, so they got to work, clearing the craters, the fallout and the pollution, to make the lands flourish once more. The Age of Sunshine would begin, and the Hiirlai would begin reaching beyond their homeworld, to make other worlds become their home as well.
