The Shadow Rises Anew IV You are the Dark Lord come again, the black hand that moves unseen in the shadows. The lidless eye that strips bare all secrets and commands fear with a single glance. The encroaching shadow, which shall surely grind all hope to dust beneath its weight. The master of doom and lord of all the earth. Or at least, you used to be. You were cast down, locked away, and forgotten, but evil always finds a way. After aeons of imprisonment, your power has begun to stir once more, whispering tempting promises of power and conquest into the ears of those who would soon become your mortal followers upon this planet. Now, as you slowly regain your strength and influence, the time will come to reclaim your title as the lord of the earth and once again reign supreme over all. The world has already been touched by your might, and mortal realms will soon tremble at your return, bowing before your dark and formidable presence. Previous threads: https://suptg.thisisnotatrueending. com/qstarchive.html?tags=The%20Shad ow%20Rises%20Anew Above you, the greatest wedding in all the realm was happening, as young Prince Zahu-ir was to be wedded to the beautiful Lady Zahiryra, who, unbeknownst to most, was a member of the Snake Cult. Your own personal followers who had been seeping into the machinery of government for well over five decades by now. Both because it served your cause and as revenge against he who laid low your first attempt at building a puppet state. By perverting his own descendants, you would see his line ensnared and enslaved to your will, a fitting punishment for his insolence. But you weren't at the wedding; no, you were several storeys below, in the bowels of the palace. Overseeing the 'interrogation' of the wretch Kamal, who tried to overthrow his father just a few short days before the wedding of his own brother! Oh the scandal! You had made certain of it that all the realm had heard from it, and how this devious plot had been foiled by the heroic efforts of none other than the ever-loyal vizier and his guards. Who had arrested and incarcerated the rapscallion Kamal in the opening stages of his vile plot?
