>Let Plutomon continue to tear through this obstacle with raw power. He's always, always been pining for it. With your hearts synchronized like this, you understand once again that it's never ever been selfish. He wants it so he can protect you. Now he finally can. Your sense of prudence is telling you that you should help; that you should contribute in some way. You may be able to figure something out if you dig through your folder for whatever solutions have survived your Podding. However, you sense that Plutomon wants to handle this on his own. He needs this. The rekindled hope in your hearts needs more fuel to keep going, to encourage you both and show that you can overwhelm Brigadramon and the forces of the City, even now. "Okay." You agree. Plutomon's shoulders split open, and he lowers one of his arms to channel the black energy that's overflowing from his palms. The other grips you gently. Your partner lunges forward, heading for Brigadramon. The missiles sail past you, many of them striking each other and detonating. You see numerous windows and loading circles in the air, conjured up by Brigadramon and his Admin permissions. LOADING PROP 83/526 Your ears are overwhelmed by the constant explosions. Plutomon has discovered a simple and foolproof method of stopping the ones that come directly at him. Whenever enough projectiles gather before the two of you, he summons a massive set of jaws to crush them, containing the explosion within its data-destroying bounds. "HELL'S GATE!" Brigadramon jolts forward to attack. However, he changes courses before coming anywhere near you, spying your partner's trap. Plutomon scoffs in irritation, and you feel his displeasure rumbling through your link. The vestiges of his plan poke at your mind, and you turn your head to look. By moving around at his current speed, Plutomon has gathered up a massive swarm of missiles. They're still chasing him down in a relatively straight pattern. It would have been nice to bait the enemy Mega into it, but his spatial awareness is too good to fall for such a trick. Plutomon dives for the Tower's surface instead, where the turrets begin firing at him. LOADING PROP 192/526
